Created abstract (#60)
chhoumann/p5: sections/titlepages.tex

  Aalborg University\\
  \href{http://www.aau.dk}{http://www.aau.dk}
}{% the abstract

> Knox (Knowledge Engineering Toolbox) is a continuous pipeline project involving several project groups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Knox (Knowledge Engineering Toolbox) is a continuous pipeline project involving several project groups working in scrum-inspired environment.
```

This report documents the work of the third layer of the pipeline, responsible for database and server management.

> For the first half of the project, the groups collaborate on developing a search engine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the first half of the project, the groups collaborated on developing a search engine.
```

> The third layer has designed and implemented database structures in the relational database management system PostgreSQL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here we designed and implemented database structures in the relational database management system PostgreSQL.
```

> This report documents this design and the implementation of API endpoints to access it using HTTP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This report then documents this design and the implementation of the required API endpoints to access it using HTTP.
```

> For the second half of the project, the groups began the development of knowledge graphs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the second half of the project, the groups began development of features based on knowledge graphs.
```

>  The third layer supported other groups by implementing a data storage for RDF data. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Here we supported the other groups by implementing a data storage for the used RDF data. 
```

> The project groups have been using an iterative-incremental, Scrum-inspired approach.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: Moved this part to the top
